Remove W3C DC API examples (#254)
openid/OpenID4VP: openid-4-verifiable-presentations-1_0.md

## Protocol

> When used with the W3C Digital Credentials API [@!w3c.digital_credentials_api], the exchange protocol is the string `openid4vp` for this profile.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For the profile defined in this section, the value of the exchange protocol used with the W3C Digital Credentials API [@!w3c.digital_credentials_api], is the `openid4vp`.
```

When used with the W3C Digital Credentials API [@!w3c.digital_credentials_api], the exchange protocol is the string `openid4vp` for this profile.

## Request {#browser_api_request}

The `request` member of the W3C Digital Credentials API [@!w3c.digital_credentials_api] contains an OpenID4VP Authorization Request, where every OpenID4VP Authorization Request parameter is represented as a top-level JavaScript object member.

The following is a non-normative example of how the W3C Digital Credentials API can be used with an unsigned OpenID4VP request when advanced security features of OpenID4VP are not used:

```js
try {
  const credential = await navigator.identity.get({
    digital: {
      providers: [{
        protocol: "openid4vp",
        request:  {
          response_type: "vp_token",
          response_mode: "w3c_dc_api",
          nonce: "n-0S6_WzA2Mj",
          client_metadata: {...},
          presentation_definition: {...}
        }
      }]
    }
  });
} catch (err) {
  // Handle errors and/or fallback to other invocation mechanisms
}

> ```

Reviewer 2: I can't figure out how to actually make a suggestion that undoes the delete, but I believe we should NOT remove the actual OID4VP part of the examples. It was clear from last night's DCP WG call that many people don't understand what is passed by OID4VP to the browser API, and removing the examples will definitely make that even harder to figure out.

I hence suggest we retain this part of the example:

```
{
           response_type: "vp_token",
           response_mode: "w3c_dc_api",
           nonce: "n-0S6_WzA2Mj",
           client_metadata: {...},
           presentation_definition: {...}
         }
```

(and apply a similar change to other removed examples)

Reviewer: Strongly agree

Reviewer 2: Discussed on today's WG call, consensus to keeping the payload parts but removing the rest of the example.

Author: Should be good now. @jogu, @Sakurann, can you confirm.

> The W3C Digital Credentials API [@!w3c.digital_credentials_api] contains an OpenID4VP Authorization Request, where every OpenID4VP Authorization Request parameter is represented as a top-level JavaScript object member.

Reviewer: > where every OpenID4VP Authorization Request parameter is represented as a top-level JavaScript object member

Is this a new development in Digital Credentials API? How would this work for signed requests?

Reviewer 2: The change here is removing "`request` member", I think that's okay, it's removing the coupling between the two specs but it doesn't change how signed requests are handled.

Reviewer: is there any risk of this changing in the future? wouldn't this prevent passing multiple requests in an array? Would really prefer a text like `The Verifier MAY send all the OpenID4VP request parameters to the W3C Digital Credentials API as defined in [@!w3c.digital_credentials_api]`

Author: It's best to say less. We don't know what the final API will look like.

### Unsigned Request {#unsigned_request}

> The Verifier MAY send all the OpenID4VP request parameters as members to the W3C Digital Credentials API [@!w3c.digital_credentials_api]. In this case, the Wallet will use the Verifier's origin as asserted by the user agent as the Verifer's Client Identifier.

Reviewer: Again, how does this work for signed request where all the parameters are within a signed JWT which contains all of the parameters?

Reviewer 2: This is in the "Unsigned request" section, this text won't affect signed requests.

Reviewer: so 
```suggestion
The Verifier MAY send all the OpenID4VP request parameters to the W3C Digital Credentials API as defined in [@!w3c.digital_credentials_api]. In this case, the Wallet will use the Verifier's origin as asserted by the user agent as the Verifer's Client Identifier.
```

## Protocol

For the profile defined in this section, the value of the exchange protocol used with the W3C Digital Credentials API [@!w3c.digital_credentials_api], is `openid4vp`.

## Request {#browser_api_request}

> The W3C Digital Credentials API [@!w3c.digital_credentials_api] contains an OpenID4VP Authorization Request, where every OpenID4VP Authorization Request parameter is represented as a top-level JavaScript object member.

Author: ```suggestion
The Verifier MAY send all the OpenID4VP request parameters to the W3C Digital Credentials API as defined in [@!w3c.digital_credentials_api].
```

> The following is a non-normative example of an unsigned OpenID4VP request when advanced security features of OpenID4VP are not used:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following is a non-normative example of an unsigned OpenID4VP request sent over  the W3C Digital Credentials API when advanced security features of OpenID4VP are not used:
```

> The following is a non-normative example of an unsigned OpenID4VP request when advanced security features of OpenID4VP are not used:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following is a non-normative example of an unsigned OpenID4VP request (when advanced security features of OpenID4VP are not used) that can be sent over the W3C Digital Credentials API :
```

```js
{
  response_type: "vp_token",
  response_mode: "w3c_dc_api",
  nonce: "n-0S6_WzA2Mj",
  client_metadata: {...},

>   presentation_definition: {...}

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
  vc_query: {...}
```

## Protocol

> For the profile defined in this section, the value of the exchange protocol used with the W3C Digital Credentials API [@!w3c.digital_credentials_api], is the `openid4vp`.

Reviewer 2: Not sure if there's a missing or extra word here but it doesn't read quite right:

```suggestion
For the profile defined in this section, the value of the exchange protocol used with the W3C Digital Credentials API [@!w3c.digital_credentials_api], is `openid4vp`.
```

## Request {#browser_api_request}

The W3C Digital Credentials API [@!w3c.digital_credentials_api] contains an OpenID4VP Authorization Request, where every OpenID4VP Authorization Request parameter is represented as a top-level JavaScript object member.

The following is a non-normative example of an unsigned OpenID4VP request when advanced security features of OpenID4VP are not used:

```js
{
  protocol: "openid4vp",
  request:  {
    response_type: "vp_token",
    response_mode: "w3c_dc_api",
    nonce: "n-0S6_WzA2Mj",
    client_metadata: {...},
    presentation_definition: {...}

>   }

Reviewer: i think request is still there? https://wicg.github.io/digital-credentials/#the-digitalcredentialsrequest-dictionary

>   }

Reviewer 2: Are we looking at the same thing - it looks like it was renamed to `data` when I look at the url you shared:

![Screenshot 2024-10-10 at 15 46 21](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/5f341a5a-8a8e-4dba-bc64-bb85c724413b)

> Below is a non-normative example of such a request:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Below is a non-normative example of such a request sent over the W3C Digital Credentials API:
```

Below is a non-normative example of such a request:

```js
{
  digital: {

>     providers: [{

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
    requests: [{
```
